refresh the sanity tests and use tox (#239)
mattclay/aws-terminator: aws/requirements.txt

boto3==1.25.5
botocore==1.28.5
certifi==2022.9.24
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
idna==3.4
jmespath==1.0.1
python-dateutil==2.8.2
requests==2.28.1
s3transfer==0.6.0
six==1.16.0
urllib3==1.26.12

> PyYAML==6.0

Reviewer: The `PyYAML` requirement is only used for the `cleanup.py` script, so shouldn't be included here. Including it here will put it into the venv which gets packaged up for the Lambda function, which isn't needed.

Perhaps the requirement should go into a separate dev-requirements.txt file.

> # note: The dependencies will be include in the Lamda package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# note: The dependencies will be included in the Lambda package.
```
